README.md, before:

# StoryCoder Svelte

## How to run it locally

Prerequisites:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed
- [MongoDB Database Tools](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/database-tools/installation/installation/) installed

1. Create .env in root folder of this repo
2. Add database path to .env file: `DATABASE_URL=mongodb://mongoadmin:pass123@localhost:27017/dev-storycoder?authSource=admin`
3. run `npm run database-container:build`
4. run `npm run database:restore` to seed your MongoDB database with stories from .gzip archive
5. run `npx prisma generate` to generate prisma client
6. run `npm run dev` to start the app in development mode


## Remaining TODOs

- [ ] Add story-specific-page
- [ ] Add some styles
- [x] Remove titles from markdowns content
- [ ] Create a deployment environment
- [ ] Standardize story structure 
- [ ] Add a story editor (requires auth)
- [ ] Add Auth mechanism for editors (like [Lucia](https://lucia-auth.com/) or [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)) 

[//]: # (## Building)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (To create a production version of your app:)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (```bash)

[//]: # (npm run build)

[//]: # (```)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter]&#40;https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters&#41; for your target environment.)

Commit message:

feat(project-setup): update readme, run prettier on all files, run eslint on all files

README.md, after:

# StoryCoder Svelte

## How to run it locally

Prerequisites:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed
- [MongoDB Database Tools](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/database-tools/installation/installation/) installed

1. Create .env in root folder of this repo
2. Add database path to .env file: `DATABASE_URL=mongodb://mongoadmin:pass123@localhost:27017/dev-storycoder?authSource=admin`
3. run `npm run database-container:build`
4. run `npm run database:restore` to seed your MongoDB database with stories from .gzip archive
5. run `npx prisma generate` to generate prisma client
6. run `npm run dev` to start the app in development mode

## Remaining TODOs

- [ ] Add story-specific-page
- [ ] Add [husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) and [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) for code consistency
- [ ] Add [SkeletonUI](https://www.skeleton.dev/) as UI Toolkit
- [ ] Add [Airbnb eslint](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-airbnb) configuration
- [ ] Add some styles
- [x] Remove titles from markdowns content
- [ ] Create a deployment environment
- [ ] Standardize story structure
- [ ] Add a story editor (requires auth)
- [ ] Add Auth mechanism for editors (like [Lucia](https://lucia-auth.com/) or [Auth0](https://auth0.com/))

[//]: # '## Building'
[//]: #
[//]: # 'To create a production version of your app:'
[//]: #
[//]: # '```bash'
[//]: # 'npm run build'
[//]: # '```'
[//]: #
[//]: # 'You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.'
[//]: #
[//]: # '> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.'
